JARO Privacy Policy

Last modified: December 12th 2014. Summary of changes can be consulted at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.

The aim of this Privacy Policy is to provide an overview on the privacy practices exercised by TraDigital with respect to the websites that TraDigital operates, including the www.tradigital.cz website (each, a “Site”) and any product and/or services TraDigital may offer to you (“TraDigital Products”), unless terms and conditions accompanying such TraDigital Products indicate otherwise.

1. Commitment to Privacy

TraDigital provides products and services including information technology consulting, productivity tools and heath care, and we know that you care about how your information is used and shared. At times we may need access to certain data on your PC, tablet, mobile phone or other applicable device. We respect your right to privacy. We want to make sure that you understand the type of information we collect about you, how it is used and the safeguards we use to protect it. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, TraDigital shall mean the business activities by Jaromir Malenko or any other company controlled by, controlling or under common control with TraDigital  (each, an “Affiliate”).

2. What Information Does TraDigital Collect?

The type of information that we collect and retain depends upon your interaction with our Site and/or our TraDigital Products. In general, there are two different categories of information we may collect:

2.1. Non-Personally Identifiable Information

Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“NPII”) refers to information that cannot be used to identify a specific person. The NPII TraDigital may collect include, without limitation, information about TraDigital Products and their installed features, information about your devices checkpoints, which may include path, file and application names, copies of files and applications including information on behavior of such applications, their settings and configurations, such as associated registry keys, the date and time, the internet address of the website from which you link directly to our Site, the name of the file or the words you search, and the browser you use to access our Site, type of device, advertising ID and the mobile network (mobile carrier) you use, third party software installed on a device and related settings, installation and uninstallation rates, language, technical parameters and manufacturer of a device, device security information. TraDigital collects NPII and shares them with its Affiliates when you use our TraDigital Products and when you visit the Site. This is captured via a standard “cookie”.

We may gather certain information automatically (when you use our TraDigital Products or visit our Sites); if this data is classified as PII (except and as described below), we will anonymize this data to remove personally identifiable information during or after the collection process, and store it in a database. Any data, including PII, that we have anonymized in this fashion will be considered NPII for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

2.2. How Do We Use the NPII We Collect?

TraDigital may use the NPII for the purposes of building anonymous data profiles and/or sharing with our partners. TraDigital may retain this data for a period of up to five years. We also use NPII in a limited fashion for the administration and operation of our Site, and to generally improve the overall quality of experience with the information we provide on our Site. TraDigital may share NPII or anonymized data with third parties in order to improve our TraDigital Products and your experience using them. By visiting our Site or installing and using our TraDigital Products, you hereby agree with our collection and use of NPII as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

2.3. Personally Identifiable Information

Personal data and information (“Personal Identifiable Information” or “PII”) refers to information that can be used to identify a living individual. We may obtain PII from you through two types of interaction (manually submitted by you and automatically collected by us):

A. INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT TO US MANUALLY

We collect the PII you provide to us on our Site or through our TraDigital Products, including your name, address, email address, telephone number, and if you pay by credit card, your account information. This happens when you:
- Create a user account, place an order, register a product
- Requesting product support or other services
- Request information about TraDigital Products
- Participate in surveys

B. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED AND STORED THROUGH INTERACTION

When you interact with TraDigital Products or Sites we may maintain a partial or full record about some or all of the following types of information:
- Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address
- Phone number, SIM number, subscriber number, and Device ID - IMEI, MEID
- Date and time, country, geographic location based on GPS/Wi-Fi/communications network local information.

When we obtain PII from you, we treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. You may decide not to proceed with any activity that requests PII. By installing or using our TraDigital Products, you hereby agree with our collection and use of your PII as outlined in this Privacy Policy.

2.4. How Do We Use the PII We Collect?

The PII we collect is generally used to help us develop the best products and services for you, process your requests and transactions, to tell you about opportunities we think will be of interest to you, to customize your experience with our TraDigital Products and on our Site and to understand your needs so that we may provide you with the most suitable products and services. For example, we may use your PII to help us:
- Provide you with information about product upgrades, new products, services, research on future product ideas or improvements
- Send newsletters, informative e-mails or other information which has the nature of business announcements
- Create content that is relevant to you
- Provide you with special opportunities that may be of interest to you, including offers relating to third party products and services
- Provide you with service messages to your device
- Assist us in creating better, customized products and services to meet your needs
- Allow you to purchase and download products, obtain access to services or otherwise engage in activities you select
- Help you quickly find software, services, or product information important to you
- Allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you chose to do so
- Notify you about changes to our service

If TraDigital is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale (“Acquisition”), TraDigital will abide by this Privacy Policy. Affected users will be informed if we transfer any PII or if PII becomes subject to a different privacy policy as a result of such Acquisition.

3. Do We Use Cookies or Other Anonymous Identifiers?

Yes, in certain circumstances. You can find comprehensive information on how TraDigital’s Site uses cookies and third party tracking services here.

1. What are cookies and anonymous identifiers?

When you visit TraDigital’s websites (including www.tradigital.cz) or use our products, we may place small amounts of information on your device. This information includes small text files called “cookies” and other “anonymous identifiers” that may consist of a random string of characters that are used for the same purpose as a cookie.

2. What do cookies and other anonymous identifiers do?

We use many different types of cookies and anonymous identifiers, but in essence, these anonymous identifiers are used to make our sites and products work more productively for you, to personalize advertising and to enable certain website or product functionality.
As an example, cookies or other anonymous identifiers may be used to:

- Help you navigate between different pages on our sites efficiently.
- Remember your login details and preferences you have given to save you time and hassle.
- Measure how you use our products and services so that we may improve them and your browsing experience.
- Personalize advertising to make content more relevant to you.

You may find further information about cookies at the following website: www.allaboutcookies.org.

3. What kind of cookies do you use, and what do they do?

The following lists the cookies used on our sites and describes their purpose:
 
A. Technical cookies

These cookies are necessary for proper functionality in certain areas of our sites, such as enabling the e-commerce part of our sites, offering you product and pricing combinations relevant for your region, allowing us to balance the load on our servers, recording user preference for cookies usage, etc. Cookies in this category comprise both session as well as persistent cookies. Our sites may not work well or at all without these cookies; therefore these cookies are always used, regardless of user preferences. Cookies in this category are always set by our sites and not third-party domains.
 
B. Analytics cookies

These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our sites. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our sites, make it more user-friendly and monitor that it is performing correctly. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form about your activity on our sites including the pages you visit and the webpage that referred you to our sites. Cookies in this category may be set by our sites or third-party domains. More information about certain of these cookies is available below in the anonymous identifier section.
 
C. 3rd-party tracking cookies

These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our sites and what keywords you used to arrive at our sites, which websites you have visited, as well as the way you reached our sites. We use this information to compile reports, to help us improve our sites, and generally to tailor product and service offerings to you. These cookies may be set either by our sites or third-party domains.
 
D. 3rd-party integration cookies

These cookies are used to integrate third-party functionality in our sites, such as YouTube™ videos, feedback forms or social media icons that allow you to share our content. Cookies in this category may be set by third parties and include, without limitation, cookies set by the following domains: YouTube.com, Twitter.com, Linkedin.com, and Facebook.com.

4. What other anonymous identifiers do you use, and what do they do?

Our Android-based products may utilize the Google Advertising ID for certain purposes, including interest-based advertising and anonymous profile building.

Certain of our sites and products use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.. Google Analytics makes use of cookies to help TraDigital analyze how users use our sites and products. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites and products (including your IP address) and collected through Google Analytics (“Google Analytics Data”) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We will, when contractually permitted, require Google to truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address, including for users located in Member States of the European Union, as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in certain cases will the full IP address be sent to Google servers in the USA. Google will use the Google Analytics Data on behalf of TraDigital for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites and products, compiling reports for TraDigital on our sites and product activity and providing other services to TraDigital relating to site and product activity and internet usage. Google may also use Google Analytics Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

5. How can I manage my cookies and third-party tracking preferences?

When you visit our sites or use our products, depending on where you are located, we may show you a notice which tells you how and why we use certain cookies and provide you the ability to opt out of certain cookie use (other than technical cookies necessary to provide our services). If you do not make any changes after you are presented this notice, we will assume that you consent to this use.

You may opt out of the use of certain cookies at any time by clicking here. If you choose to opt out, cookies (other than technical cookies) set by TraDigital from our sites will be deleted from your device. You may also disable cookies in your web browser preferences. Please note, however, that doing so may prevent you from using specific parts of websites on the Internet (including our sites) and/or may negatively impact your experience with our sites and services. You also have the option to reset your Google Advertising ID or opt out of interest-based ads and anonymous profile building using the Advertising ID at any time by changing your preferences in your Android device. You may find out how by visiting https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/6048248.

You can prevent Google’s collection and use of the Google Analytics Data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.



4. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?

TRADIGITAL WORLDWIDE

Since TraDigital is a global company, we provide information on users of TraDigital Products to our worldwide offices which are listed at www.tradigital.cz/contacts. By providing us with PII, you consent to our ability to send your PII between our Affiliates around the world to provide you with products and services. This may include cross-border transfers of user data. The PII and NPII that you have provided to us may be made accessible to these TraDigital offices for customer relationship management and marketing purposes.

THIRD PARTIES

TraDigital does not sell or rent your PII to third parties. TraDigital, like all major organizations, uses a range of third parties to provide services to TraDigital and to you – either directly or indirectly. Where relevant, these companies are required to comply with our data privacy and information security standards when handling Personal data. We may share your PII if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is: a) authorized by law or necessary to comply with a valid legal process or to deliver the product or service you require; b) in response to legal claims; c) required to protect and defend the rights, property or legitimate interests of TraDigital; d) necessary to protect personal safety, property or other rights of TraDigital or its customers or employees; e) in connection with a sale of all or part of our business or f) otherwise consented to by you. Such disclosure may include cross-border transfer of PII. If legally compelled to disclose your information to a third party, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you in advance of a disclosure unless legally prohibited.

SELECTED RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL PARTNERS

In certain circumstances, we may share certain of your PII, such as your e-mail contact, with selected TraDigital resellers, distributors and other distribution channel partners. This might include cross-border transfer of PII. Some of them may contact you, on our behalf, about products, services or offers that we believe are important to you or your business, or to fulfill any terms under your licensing and service relationship with TraDigital, and to provide you a local technical and customer support. If you are using any TraDigital Product with search functionality, we may share your IP address with search providers in order to fulfill your search requests. Please note they may have their own privacy policy which we encourage you to read and understand.

5. Rights and Responsibilities

If you have given your PII to TraDigital, you have the right to ask us to advise you of the scope of information TraDigital processes about you, the purpose and nature of the processing, and information on who we share it with. If you have given us your PII, you can also request to update, correct, or delete (assuming that this does not impact the services we are providing to you) it at any time. In addition you can opt out of marketing contact upon request, as explained below. If have any questions about this policy or any of the above, please email us at privacy@tradigital.cz or see instructions in the TraDigital Product. Please note: we may reject requests which risk the privacy of others or are unreasonable or repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing an existing business practice), or would be extremely impractical.

6. TraDigital Update Bulletin and Other Communications

Some TraDigital Products enable TraDigital to transmit product and important service messages to your PC, tablet, mobile phone or other applicable device when you are connected to the TraDigital Server. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy an TraDigital Server means any TraDigital Products related server operated by any TraDigital company. If you do not wish to continue receiving our e-mail newsletters, bulletins, or other information from TraDigital, you can opt-out at any time by following the relevant unsubscribe process outlined in the applicable email or newsletter. Please be aware that our e-mails may include important or useful information about your TraDigital Products, including information about your license number or the status of your orders or accounts.

7. Links to Other Companies

Periodically, our Site or our TraDigital Products may contain links to and from websites or other external destinations of our business partners, distributors, resellers, advertisers or other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites or any other external destination (like offers on mobile app stores etc.), please note that these websites and destinations have their own privacy policy. When you are on those sites you are subject to those policies, and should therefore read and understand them before you submit any PII to those sites.

8. Co-branded Websites

We may also link to co-branded websites that are maintained by TraDigital and one or more of our business partners. Please note that these co-branded websites may have their own privacy policy which we encourage you to read and understand.

9. Security

TraDigital is committed to maintaining the security of information under our control. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure correct use of information, we have put in place industry-accepted physical, technical and administrative practices to safeguard and secure the information we collect.

10. Application specific policy

For each application we have  privacy policy.

10.1. Alarm Morning

A. Data we collect

We use data to improve our products and services; provide support; send notifications, offers, and promotions; and to make money from our free offerings using non-personal data. We’ve included below the data elements we think are important for you to know that we may collect, and how we use them, as well as key things we don’t collect that we think may be of interest to you.

B. Data we do NOT collect

Biometrics - (information about your body, including fingerprints, facial recognition, signatures and/or voice print)
Browser History - (information about websites visited)
Contact Info - (including list of contacts, social networking connections or their phone numbers, postal, email and text addresses)
Financial Info - (includes credit, bank and consumer-specific financial information such as transaction data)
Medical Info - (including health claims and other information used to measure health or wellness)

C. Data we share

Except in limited circumstances described in our full privacy policy, this application does NOT share any data that can be used to personally identify you. We do use and share non-personal data to improve our products and services; provide support; send notifications, offers, and promotions; and to make money from our free offerings using non-personal data.

D. We do NOT share your personal data with

Ad Networks (Companies that display ads to you through apps)
Carriers (Companies that provide mobile connections)
Consumer Data Reseller (Companies that sell consumer information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you)
Data Analytics Providers (Companies that collect and analyze your data)
Governments (Any sharing with the government except where required by law or expressly permitted in an emergency)
Operating Systems and Platforms (Software companies that power your device, app stores, and companies that provide common tools and information for apps about app consumers)
Other Apps (Other apps of companies that the consumer may not have a relationship with)
Social Networks (Companies that connect individuals around common interests and facilitate sharing)

11. Changes of Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. However, we will highlight that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the Privacy Policy the date it was last updated. On the date noted at the top of the privacy policy, we made an update to this Privacy Policy. The main adjustments made are:
- Introduction of this Privacy policy

Previous versions of this Privacy Policy are available at https://github.com/jmalenko/alarm-morning/blob/master/PRIVACY-POLICY.